Code of Conduct
================

## Code of Conduct

*This policy is subject to refinement and expansion in the future.*

This Code of Conduct outlines our expectations as contributers and
maintainers of this project. Our goal is to make explicit what we expect
from the contributers in this project. Having a Code of Conduct is our
way to encourage good behavior in our project.

We explicitly forbid harassment and abusive speech within this
community. We urge participants to refrain from using the community
discussion forums to play out a fight. Harassment, verbal abuse, and
fighting causes harm to the community. This Code of Conduct articulates
a set of behaviors that support a healthier approach to conflict and
interaction.

We encourage participation from a large group of people who bring
different perspectives to the project. Complex projects require a
diverse perspectives; which we can get when we invite dissimilar people
to participate in the group. When people from different backgrounds work
together on complex projects tensions arise, sometimes leading to verbal
abuse. Establishing a Code of Conduct is one way to signify this project
values the perspectives of many. We are committed to ensuring
participants have an effective method of escalating reports of
misconduct so that we can maintain a productive community for all
participants.

We expect participants to communicate professionally and thoughtfully.
We expect participants in this community to conduct themselves
professionally. Since our primary mode of communication is text on an
online forum (e.g. issue, pull request, comment, email, or chat text)
devoid of vocal tone, gestures, or other context that is often vital to
understanding. When someone posts something we expect community members
will assume positive intent on the part of the post. Disagreements must
remain professional. Even if we reject someone’s idea, we continue to
welcome their participation. We realize that our work will be used by
others, and we will depend on the work of others.

We thank those who created codes of conduct and diversity statements
that served as our
    inspiration.

  - <https://github.com/juliasilge/tidytext/blob/master/CONDUCT.md>
  - <https://github.com/docker/code-of-conduct>
  - <https://github.com/todogroup/opencodeofconduct/blob/gh-pages/codeofconduct_redo.md>
